People's hearts are gone?
Mr. Shun, what are you doing?
Not much. I just suddenly knew,
I am my biological brother and my nominal wife,
So many that they become solid. Somewhat touching.
It’s okay if the Second Young Master framed you. Your young lady.
I'm a useless person, he doesn't like me,
Very normal. By the way,
Recently, from the Holy Garden, follow their actions,
Be sure to keep it simple all day long. yes.
Ku Guang is her, and her family must be quite simple.
Don't worry, nothing should be taken seriously.
It's Mr. Shun. What you have restored is,
When will it be settled? Not long,
You have to get rid of the red and old things around you.
Although the domestic tiger has no role
Then I am really conscious
Hurry up and go back and explain to him
Did you tell me at the door that they were gone?